Update the "generate changelog" Step 7 description (#1016)
reactwg/react-native-releases: docs/guide-release-process.md

curl -I https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/facebook/react/react-native-artifacts/$VERSION/react-native-artifacts-$VERSION-hermes-framework-dSYM-release.tar.gz
```

### Step 7: Update CHANGELOG.md

Now we need to update the [`CHANGELOG.md`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) file at the `react-native` repo root.

> [!Note]
> Changelog commits must be submitted to the `main` branch.

> In most cases the **Publish Release** action will generate a changelog PR such as `changelog/v0.81.0-rc.0` for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from React Native 0.80, the **Publish Release** action will generate a changelog PR such as `changelog/v0.80.0-rc.0` for you.
```

> Reformat and stylize the modified `CHANGELOG.md` on that branch based on previous changelog PRs, then get the PR approved, and merge it to `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reformat and re-style the modified `CHANGELOG.md` on that branch based on previous changelog PRs. Then, a Meta engineer should: 
1. import the PR in the Meta internal system, 
2. get the resulting diff approved, 
3. land the diff into `main`.
```
